The purpose of my application for exchange studies is twofold. First, I
want to fill in the gap of algorithmical courses I can't fill by taking
courses at my home university. Second, the experience of a new
country will be exciting and rewarding for me.

Chalmers University of Technology is the university that I currently attend. It
is leading in many of my interest domains, like language technology and
functional programming. Though my hunger is not stilled with that, I would like
to use this opportunity to study at a university where algorithms is a featured
subject, particularly I noticed the flurry of algorithm courses that you have
(one course for randomized algorithms, one for graph algorithms, etc.).
Machine learning and artificial intelligence are two subjects that sing along
well with algorithms and that I find interesting, in both areas I too see that
you offer a multitude of courses. While I like my own University as well, it
doesn't include algorithms among it's strongest research areas. I hope this
gives a clear picture of why I choose the College of Computing at GA Tech.

My expectations for a year of studying abroad in the US are high, both
academically and culturally.  Academically, I look forward to studying at a
world class technological university with ambitious and highly motivated
students. I believe that one of the most important steps in the process of
creating a stimulating learning environment is to motivate students to flourish
of their own accord.  I also expect a lot from the classes and the lecturers.
My impression of GA Tech is that it offers an excellent breeding ground for
ideas, where professors play an important role in supporting students, giving
them that extra push forward when needed. I expect my studies at GA Tech to be
both rewarding and fruitful, and that the standards and goals are as high as my
own. I believe that my exchange studies will help me develop my own ideas and
contribute to my personal growth.  Studying abroad forces oneself to get out of
one's comfort zone and to rely on one's own ability and knowledge, both in the
field of study and socially.  For me, I think that this experience will
mean that I will dare to achieve more in the future, as one truly realises
one's potential and talent.

